Update Unwind documentation (#1087)
model-checking/kani: docs/src/tutorial-loop-unwinding.md

Kani is now sure we've unwound the loop enough to verify our proof harness, and now we're seeing just the bound checking failures from the off-by-one error.

> ## Ways to specify unwinding value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Unwinding value specification
```

> Kani allows three ways of specifying the unwind value for a purticular harness. They can be set through the below ways-

Reviewer: Why "-" instead of ":"?
```suggestion
Kani allows three options to specify the unwind value for a particular harness:
```

> 1. Unwind annotation. This sets the unwind value for the harness above which the annotation is added. Example -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The unwind annotation `#[kani::unwind(<num>)]`. This sets the unwind value for the harness with the annotation. Example:
```

> ``` rust

Reviewer: Use the noplaypen option here or remove "rust"

#[kani::proof]
#[kani::unwind(3)]
fn proof_harness() {

>     ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[...]
```

}
```

> 2. `--unwind` flag. This sets the unwind value for the entire file/crate on which kani or cargo-kani is called. Example -

Reviewer: I would say it's a global unwinding value. Take a look at previous documentation to ensure we are consistent.

Reviewer 2: I would further say "sets the default unwind value for..."

```
kani file.rs --unwind 3
```

> 3. `--harness-unwind` flag. This needs to be used alongside `--harness` and sets the unwind value for the harness specified. Example -

Reviewer 2: I'd insert a sentence:

```
3. `--harness-unwind` flag.  This overrides any annotation and forces the harness to use the specified value. ...
```

Then just remove the whole section on "order of precedence", since "default" and "override" should be clear enough.

```
kani file.rs --harness-unwind 2 --harness proof_harness
```

> ### Order of precedence among unwind values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Order of precedence
```
